you
hello Lena hey how's it going April
what's up I was asleep hey you made
plans with Marcus right yeah I did why
no reason just was curious just making
sure we're sticking to the plan no
deviations from a perfect plan hey just
out of curiosity what's the largest size
gun that you own why are you asking just
curious I was thinking of taking up
quail hunting and I wanted to kill the
little bastards with the biggest gun
possible you try to create the perfect
girlfriend from Marcus didn't you yes
yes I did and I imagine it somehow went
horribly wrong yep it became a deadly
monster with the taste for human flesh
bingo I'll be there in 15 like the fifth
time this month are you expecting some
sort of epic super spike gunfight maybe
you know how to use it please in the
words of nathan drake it's just like a
camera you just point and click did you
just shoot yourself yeah yeah I did give
me the gun
but I can't help it I'm in love with you
Mac why can't you see that calm yourself
Gladys you're being irrational I traded
away my humanity to get this kick-ass
heat-seeking missile launching hand but
Mac what if they put my head into a
robot body would you love me then didn't
you hear a word of what I just said you
insane chick I am not capable of love
now i need to go ride my mountain bike
through a ring of fire i may not come
back so i'll leave you with this kiss
for you to remember how awesome I am
cut I'm the director you don't get to
call cut I call cut then say cut while I
put the tape over my mouth Jesus you're
bossy fine cut
all right lovebirds time to come out of
there and the blindfold reveals you just
made out with scott karon we didn't make
out what yeah I told her how I despise
intimacy and human contact so we just
gues sadden there then why the hell are
you playing this game scat well how was
I supposed to know what this game was
about you don't know what spin the
bottle is I just assumed involves
something better than human interaction
okay you just blew the one and only
chance you will ever have to get with a
girl you're out of the game and next
round people you were to go in there and
kiss french feel each other up I don't
care just make it awesome you need to
calm down man oh my god wow they're
lighting things on fire already usually
takes him another hour to get to that
point what but you never said they did
that no I don't think I did hope your
problem now